My software will randomize the cards that are distributed amongst each player. Then it will implement the rules of Poker, taking into consideration all of the special rules.#### Your nameAlexandra Averianov#### Your section leader's nameChong Li#### Project titlePoker***My software randomizes the cards that are distributed amongst each player. Then it will implement the rules of Poker, taking into consideration all of the special rules. It implements the rules of Straight Flush, Royal Flush, Four of a Kind, Hull House, Flush, Straight, Three of a Kind, Two Pair, One Pair, and High Card.I ran into many difficulties with this project. The first one had to be that I was not able to create an AI bot. After doing research, many sources recommended to build an AI bot in a Poker game that I was to use PyPokerEngine. I understood this to be some type of program that I was required to download, but no it was a pre-coded file. Similar to when we did Pong and Mario. We were to use pre-made code and implement an AI bot. My finished product of my code includes the ability to play with 2-7 players. Its very simple where when you run the program it prints out the randomized hand. The second problem I ran into was I was not able to get the program to print out what type of hand each player received. For example, I could not get the program to differentiate printing out Royal Flush, Straight Flush, One Pair, etc., respective to the hand. The reason this did not work for me was that every time I would run the program it would print out Royal Flush for each hand. To overcome this, I managed to have the program at least print out who won the round. I enjoyed learning about the game. I have never played before, so learning the rules and how to differentiate each hand made the process interesting.